[DOCU-2190][DOCU-2296] AWS Lambda plugin: remove proxy_scheme, update region and host, and single-source (#4288)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/_index.md

## Changelog

{% if_plugin_version gte:3.0.x %}

**{{site.base_gateway}} 3.0.x**
* The `proxy_scheme` configuration parameter has been removed from the plugin.
* The plugin now allows both `aws_region` and `host` to be set at the same time.

{% endif_plugin_version %}

{% if_plugin_version gte:2.8.x %}

**{{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.x**
* The `proxy_scheme` configuration parameter is deprecated and planned to be
removed in 3.x.x.
* {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.1.3: Added support for cross account invocation
through configuration properties `aws_assume_role_arn` and `aws_role_session_name`.

{% endif_plugin_version %}

{% if_plugin_version gte:2.7.x %}

**{{site.base_gateway}} 2.7.x**
* Starting with {{site.base_gateway}} 2.7.0.0, if keyring encryption is enabled,
 the `config.aws_key` and `config.aws_secret` parameter values will be encrypted.

{% endif_plugin_version %}

{% if_plugin_version gte:2.6.x %}

**{{site.base_gateway}} 2.6.x**

> * The AWS region can now be set with an environment variable: `AWS_REGION` or `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The AWS region can now be set with the environment variables: `AWS_REGION` or `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`.
```
